Except for Miss Gao
I'd like to introduce you to somebody else.
He didn't just save me
He also saved our Shen family
He is a well-deserved benefactor of our Shen family
The Shen family is as rich as the country
How dare you ask such a person for help?
This person is definitely not
I heard that he is Miss Shen's little white face
He wants to take this opportunity to put him on stage
Miss Ke Shaoshen is talking about you, right?
It has to be Ke Shao who is amazing
Then you will help me avoid saying a few words to Miss Shen later.
It's really Xu Wenjie
What abilities do they have to help the Shen family?
below
Please welcome him to the stage with your warmest applause
Here he is.
President Wang of the association in this life?
If it was him
This time, it can indeed make Shen Xia propose more and more
What day is it?
How can you even be known as the ninth-level divine doctor Huang Zhonggui?
The president of the fifth class of princes also came
I told you
Miss Shen, thank you, how could it be that day?
President Wang, why are you here?
Find someone